= Richfile

A simple gem which adds some additional methods to File objects.

== Install

  gem install tsalzer-richfile --source http://gems.github.com


== What is Richfile?

Richfile extends the Ruby built-in File instances with some sometimes
useful attributes.
- +size+ attribute to cache the file size in a File object
- OpenSSL digest attributes like <code>md5</code> and <code>sha1</code> (for all available digests)

Note that there is no built-in magic to keep the once-fetched attributes
in sync with the effective attributes of the real files.

== Usage

You simple require richfile:

  require 'richfile'

Now, every new File object has a list of additional attributes. Whenever you
access the attributes the first time, the data is pulled from the file system
and cached in the File object.

If you need to refresh the data, either call <code>refresh!</code>, which updates every
attribute you used before, or <code>refresh_all!</code>, which updates each of the cached
attributes. When you are just interested in a single attribute, call the
attribute with an added bang (like <code>size!</code>).

== Building a new Gem

To create a new gem, you need to install the jeweler gem (see
http://github.com/technicalpickles/jeweler/tree/master). If this is done, you can
easily build a new gemspec with

  rake gemspec
  gem build richfile.gemspec

This would create a new richfile-x.y.z.gem, which can easily be installed via

  gem install richfile-x.y.z.gem

== License

The richfile gem comes to you under the MIT License. You should find the
license text in the file MIT-LICENSE in the gem folder.
